documenting slices (#240)
noir-lang/docs: docs/language_concepts/00_data_types.md

You can create arrays of primitive types or structs. There is not yet support for nested arrays
(arrays of arrays) or arrays of structs that contain arrays.

### Slices

> A slice is a dynamically-sized view into a sequence of elements, usually an array. They can be resized at runtime, but because they don't own the data, they cannot be returned from a circuit. You can treat slices as arrays without a constrained size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A slice is a dynamically-sized view into a sequence of elements. They can be resized at runtime, but because they don't own the data, they cannot be returned from a circuit. You can treat slices as arrays without a constrained size.
```

Don't need the "usually an array" here

Reviewer: Hmm actually I'm not sure now about this suggestion. I realized you probably did this because the array section comes before and you want to express how arrays are a subtype of slices?

Author: Yeah, more like "how vectors come into being". But I'll accept your suggestion, looks great 👍

> Slices are part of the [noir standard library](../standard_library/slice_methods) so you need to import that in order to work with it. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slices are part of the [noir standard library](../standard_library/slice_methods) so you need to import the respetive module in order to work with it. For example:
```
